test/farmer/farmer_domain.pddl test/farmer/farmer_p.pddl
test/demo/demo_domain.pddl test/demo/demo_p.pddl
test/dispose/dispose_domain.pddl test/dispose/dispose_p2-1.pddl
test/dispose/dispose_domain.pddl test/dispose/dispose_p2-2.pddl
test/dispose/dispose_domain.pddl test/dispose/dispose_p3-1.pddl
test/doors/door_domain.pddl test/doors/door_p2.pddl
test/doors/door_domain.pddl test/doors/door_p5.pddl
test/doors/door_newdomain.pddl test/doors/door_pnew.pddl
test/push/push_domain.pddl test/push/push.pddl
test/unix/unix_domain.pddl test/unix/unix_p1.pddl
test/unix/unix_domain.pddl test/unix/unix_p2.pddl
test/btc/btc_domain.pddl test/btc/btc_p20.pddl 1
test/btc/btc_domain.pddl test/btc/btc_p30.pddl 1
test/btc/btc_domain.pddl test/btc/btc_p50.pddl 1
test/blocks/blocks_domain.pddl test/blocks/blocks_p3.pddl
test/egrid/egrid_domain.pddl test/egrid/egrid_p3.pddl
test/egrid/egrid_domain.pddl test/egrid/egrid_p4.pddl
test/egrid/egrid_domain.pddl test/egrid/egrid_p5.pddl
test/cube/cube_domain40-20.pddl test/cube/cube_p40-20.pddl
test/cube/cube_domain75-37.pddl test/cube/cube_p75-37.pddl
test/cube/cube_domain99-49.pddl test/cube/cube_p99-49.pddl
test/medpks/medpks2_domain.pddl test/medpks/medpks_p2.pddl
